right here goes first you gonna go
second Costa and what about third DJ
louis first taco so we just say who we
are yes well Google who says there first
oh you okay three two one go wait do I
say Who I am yes you say who you are who
are you I don't know you know how to
fuck it with you Emil a taco gripping
I'm talking rific your talk over okay
I'm coast of Mexican when I was going
darker son i'm online dennis is younger
in this is wait you didn't explain what
we're doing i'm talking we're going to
explain on our way in about it chris i
found it i swear i found it
we're all right but we're going to be
getting I have that a coagulation on
halo 2 classic on a halo 2 anniversary
classic and inverse
and what you want to do is get in
dispatcher you're going to want to climb
up here like that not like this Oh God
and then right around this area you want
to hug the right or the left and just at
the right angle you're going to want to
jump out
you